hi my name is Rob Myles welcome to my
channel
it seems pretty likely that sooner or
later will develop general artificial
intelligence that is to say a software
system that's able to reason about the
world in general and take actions in the
world at large we don't know how to do
that yet
but before we figure it out it would be
good to know for sure that any such
system we create would be safe would be
positive would be beneficial to humanity
it's not as easy as it sounds on this
channel we'll talk about machine
learning and artificial intelligence
we'll look at some of the problems of AI
safety and some of the work being done
right now on those problems if that kind
of thing sounds interesting to you hit
the subscribe button you may also want
to hit the little Bell if you want to be
notified when new videos come out and
more importantly if you know anyone who
you think might be interested in this
kind of thing send them a link yeah
that's it for now
new videos coming soon watch this space
yeah perfect perfect yeah that's the
take use that one